I took one Dolingo lesson and I still
can't speak Spanish. Is what you sound
like when you say I'm just not naturally
flexible. Migusta. What does miga mean?
>> I like.
>> Okay, perfect. But you might notice
after one stretching session, you get a
little bit more flexible than you were
when you started. Then of course it just
disappears in a little bit. What
happens? And that's because just getting
to that super deep range of motion is
not enough to create real adaptation in
the tissue. By the way, I just want to
share I wear a fanny pack now.
>> For a beginner, just two sets is enough
to create that adaptation. 30 seconds
here, then of course you rest.
Ow. Then you do another set of 30
seconds. Make sure it's intense. The
soreness is unreal. If you're doing this
for the first time, after that soreness
goes away, you do it yet again. Another
two or three or four, even five sets if
you're crazy. Yes, this is exactly like
training with weights, but instead of
weights, you're using stretches. Which
is why I actually consider myself a
longitudinal bodybuilder.
>> Yeah, if you need help with longitudinal
bodybuilding, I have free ebooks. Senica
says this. It's not that we have a short
time to live. It's that we waste so much
of it. So stay flexy.